Getting started with Vue.js and creating your first application is actually very simple.
We start on vuejs.org, it's official home page, and there you see this nice GET STARTED
button. Let's click on it. It takes you to the official documentation, which is always worth having a look
anyways,
But there we want to go to installation.
Now here you've got a couple of different options depending on which kind of setup you want to use. Later
in this course we'll use a more complex setup using Webpack to bundle all our files,
but let's start with a simple one.
You could either simply download Vue.js
(I will show this in the later video) or, as I want to do now,
simply grab it from a CDN
(so imported from another server).
Here I'll take the first one and then simply copy this whole link.
Now with that we can import this link to get access to Vue.js. Well I want to do this here on JSFiddle;
which is kind of a Web editor, you could say, for a very simple JavaScript,  HTML and CSS-only projects.
Here we got our HTML section in which we should add a script import.
So lets add script and then by hitting tab it will automatically expand it to script tags. In there
I want to add my src attribute and now insert the link you just copied.
Now you can leave the link like this, or you can remove this version number to always automatically fetch
the latest version.
With that we imported Vue.js and we can now already use it and all its features.
So let's use it and build our first little application. For that,
I want to add a paragraph in which I want to say Hello World!
Now saying it like this clearly is not very interesting.
There is no JavaScript involved at any place.
Instead I want to output this through Vue.js. Now in order to do so,
I will simply go to the JavaScript section here and use the import up there to now use one of the major objects,
this
import, this Vue.js framework gives me; the Vue object.
Let's create a new instance based on that with the new keyword and then Vue.
This gives us a new Vue instance and Vue instances created like this are the core of each Vue application,
of each piece of code
you want to use Vue.js in. You create such instances and then these instances have one major job; control
their own template of code, of HTML code, which they render to the screen.
Now in order to let this Vue instance do this, we have to pass an argument to this constructor function.
The argument is a JavaScript object and then we have one very important property Vue.js will
recognize; the el property.
This is kind of a reserved property obviously.
Vue.js will recognize it and el takes a string as a value.
And with this string we set up
which part of our HTML code here should be under control of this Vue instance.
And with under control,
I mean we can then change it through this Vue instance. You will see this in a few seconds.
So here I want to control this part, but I want to wrap it in a div let's say, a div which encloses
my template for this Vue instance. So here I'll add a div#app and then tab automatically gives
me a div with id="app".
Now insert my paragraph inside of this div and then I can select this div with id="app"
by using this string like a CSS selector.
So with '#app' I select the element with the id="app". With '.app' I would select the first element
with class="app".
Now here I therefore have now control of this div.
It is now the template of this Vue instance.
And now in order to output something we need some data.
Well Vue.js has got a special property for this,
the data property (another reserved property) and now this isn't a string, it's an object instead. And
in there we store all the data we want to use
in this Vue instance.
So let's say we want to have a title, and this name is totally up to you,
where I say Hello World!
Now is the title I want to output in my template and before I hardcoded it in here,
now with this template being under control of Vue.js, it's as simple as using this special syntax Vue.js
will recognize, with double curly braces (opening and closing) and in between I can simply write
title and Vue.js will automatically look into this data object
(as I said this is a reserved word),
look into this object, find the title property and output it here.
If we now hit Ctrl-Enter in JSFiddle to see the result we see Hello World! on the right because now
we're outputting this title through Vue.js which now controls this template.